tutorial(functions): update intro to guide more users (#1607)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/transform-images-using-faas-and-nodejs/index.mdx

  - You have created a [Serverless Function namespace](/serverless/functions/how-to/create-a-functions-namespace/)
  - You have created two [Object Storage buckets](/storage/object/how-to/create-a-bucket/) (one which contains the source pictures and the other for the destination pictures)
  - You have generated your [Scaleway API keys](/identity-and-access-management/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/)
  - **(Recommended)** You have installed the [Serverless Framework](https://serverless.com/) with [Scaleway's Serverless Plugin](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-scaleway-functions)
</Message>

## Project set up (for Serverless Framework)

> 1. Using the `serverless` command import the project from our Github Example Repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using the `serverless` command import the project from our Github example repository:
```

  ```bash
  serverless create --path nodetransform --template-url https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-examples/tree/main/functions/image-transform-node
  ```
2. Install the npm module using

>   ```npm install```

Author: The code is only on one line isn't it?

3. Fill the `serverless.yml` file with your Scaleway credentials
4. Set the following environment variables at the namespace level (provider section in `serverless.yml`):
    * `SOURCE_BUCKET`: Name of your source bucket
    * `S3_ENDPOINT_URL`: Scaleway’s Object Storage URL (`http://s3.{region}.scw.cloud`)
    * `SECRET_KEY_ID`: Your Scaleway API key ID

>     * `SECRET_KEY:` Your Scaleway API key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `SECRET_KEY:` Your Scaleway secret key
```

> Please refer to [ways to deploy functions](/serverless/functions/reference-content/deploy-function) documentation to deploy this project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read our documentation for more information on [ways to deploy functions](/serverless/functions/reference-content/deploy-function) to deploy this project. 
```

> For the full project and deployment using Serverless Framework refer to our [serverless-examples project](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-examples/tree/main/functions/image-transform-node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full project and deployment using Serverless framework, refer to our [serverless-examples project](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-examples/tree/main/functions/image-transform-node)
```

Reviewer 2: plus haut on a pas mis de majuscule @nedaehm du coup tu veux faire quoi ?

Reviewer: On peut laisser avec une maj alors
